beef bourguignon a classic dish but I've
got a little twist on it that always
proved to be a hit to my pity Parisian
restaurant and for my version I'm going
to need that stale old baguette start
off by coating the beef and flour so
it's worth wearing the wrong dress
getting dusted I'm dusting myself right
now the flour will thicken the stew
later I'm using beef Shin very big
chunks I prefer doing big chunks takes a
little bit longer but it's better than
all those little chunks okay
then sear the beef it will bring out the
sugars in the meat and make it more
flavor some lovely golden color when it
caramelized on one side just turn it
over almost oh that looks good
remove the meat but keep the oil then
add 150 grams of smoky bacon a handful
of baby onions a clove of garlic and
some cracked black pepper corns put the
little black bits at the bottom actually
makes us to take bit better so my herbs
go in there sprig of rosemary Feeny it's
pretty good time meat goes in there just
bun it in
red wine you should use wine you can add
some drinks we're not good enough to
drink is probably not good enough to
trip and then 150 milliliters water add
a teaspoon of salt and another of sugar
teaspoon of tomato paste oh I forgot my
glasses door just chopped they go in
gonna flavor your stew as well they
don't in the oven it goes
about three hours hey Willa that's it
for now
and while that's doing away it's on to
my delicious dumplings cut the stale
baguette into small pieces and add some
parsley then pour over 250 mils warm
milk the staleness stops it going mushy
let your bread soak up all that milk
generous pinch of salt bit of black
pepper nutmeg
and in one egg to make everything stick
together grab a wooden spoon give it a
mix I need a tablespoon of flour all
together
looks like ready then all you need to do
now to kind of squash them together
it's about golf ball-sized shape
those are the dumplings done to cook on
each side they're starting to crisp up
really lovely they were browning nicely
I think it's time to get my stew out the
oven hot Oh YUM oh it's bubbling away
and now I just need to serve up I also
put some chopped mushrooms in at the
last minute to stop them getting soggy
the French would serve this with
tagliatelle pastel potatoes but I think
these crispy like baguette dumplings fit
the bill classic French recipe with a
little twist for me